Anonymous inner class is more powerful than Lambda Expression.

Anonymous inner class |
-----------------------
 1.Anonymous inner class can extends a normal class.
 2.Anonymous inner class can extends an abstract class.
 3.Anonymous inner class can implement an interface which contain any number
   of abstract method.

Default Method | Virtual Extension method | Defender Method |
----------------------------------------------------------
It is new feature of java 8.

Without affecting the implementation class if we are allowed to add new method 
inside interface.Then you should go for default method.

Advantage: Backward compatibility.

We can't override the Object class methods but if you want you can declare Object
class methods.

We can override default method. But at time of overriding you must use public keyword.
because inside a class default keyword having meaning is there in switch-case statement.

Java does not provide support for multiple inheritance with respect to classes 
because of ambiguity problem.

But from Java 8 it provide support for multiple inheritance with respect to interface only
we can achieve this by using interface name dot(.) super keyword only.

Ex: InterfaceName.super.m1();

Example1: Suppose we have a interface and there are 100 implementation class. If you 
are adding a extra method inside interface then immediately you will get
compilation error because of all 100 implementation class will give compilation 
error.  

Example2: List, Set, Map interfaces.

static method inside interface|
-------------------------------
We can define static method inside interface from java 8.

Reason: Static method is no way related to object that's why it is better to go for
defining inside interface.

Meant for: To define general utility methods we are not required to call with class name.

We can call interface static method with interface name only.

Interface static method by default is not available to child class so we can't call 
interface static method with child class reference. 

From java 8 main method also allowed inside interface.
 



